Add huawei to adopters (#203)
karmada-io/website: docs/casestudies/adopters.md

| Cibfintech.com            | https://www.cibfintech.com/   | Build a more resilient and elastic hybrid-multi-cloud platform using Karmada                                                                                   | TBD                                                                           |
| DaoCloud.io               | https://www.daocloud.io/      | Build a more resilient and elastic hybrid-multi-cloud platform using Karmada                                                                                   | TBD                                                                           |
| Ecloud                    | https://ecloud.10086.cn/      | Use Karmada to build a steady and elastic multi-cluster platform for managing workloads                                                                        | TBD                                                                           |

> | Huawei                    | https://www.huaweicloud.com/  | Build an enterprise-grade distributed cloud native platform([Ubiquitous Cloud Native Service(UCS)](https://www.huaweicloud.com/product/ucs.html)) with Karmada | TBD                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Huawei                    | https://www.huaweicloud.com/  | Built the [Ubiquitous Cloud Native Service](https://support.huaweicloud.com/intl/en-us/productdesc-ucs/ucs_productdesc_0001.html) that run applications across regions and clouds with intelligent traffic distribution. | TBD                                                                           |
```

| Organization/Company Name | Website                      | Usage Scenario                                                                          | CaseStudy                                                                     |
|---------------------------|------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Cibfintech.com            | https://www.cibfintech.com/  | Build a more resilient and elastic hybrid-multi-cloud platform using Karmada            | TBD                                                                           |
| DaoCloud.io               | https://www.daocloud.io/     | Build a more resilient and elastic hybrid-multi-cloud platform using Karmada            | TBD                                                                           |
| Ecloud                    | https://ecloud.10086.cn/     | Use Karmada to build a steady and elastic multi-cluster platform for managing workloads | TBD                                                                           |

> | Huawei                    | https://www.huaweicloud.com/ | Build an enterprise-grade multi-cloud container platform with Karmada                   | TBD                                                                           |

Reviewer: @GitHubxsy Any comments? 
I think a link to the service would be great.

Reviewer 2: [Ubiquitous Cloud Native Service（UCS）](https://www.huaweicloud.com/product/ucs.html)   
UCS product link：https://www.huaweicloud.com/product/ucs.html

Author: Done

> | Huawei                    | https://www.huaweicloud.com/ | Build an enterprise-grade distributed cloud native platform([Ubiquitous Cloud Native Service(UCS)](https://www.huaweicloud.com/product/ucs.html)) with Karmada | TBD                                                                           |

Reviewer: Please talk to @GitHubxsy about the usage scenario. 
/assign @GitHubxsy
